# Game-Design Assignment   Raul More & James Grant

<h2>CA 1: Portfolio, Brainstorm, Pitch and Project Plan - 10 November 2021</h2><div class="no-overflow"><div>This is a group project that will be deployed in portfolio format.&nbsp; To get started you need to form a group of two or three people.&nbsp; This group will be your project group for the semester.&nbsp; The name of your project group and names of team members need to be recorded on the Project Wiki.<br></div><div><br></div><div>You are required to design an interactive story-based game using <strong>Joined Together</strong> as your theme.&nbsp; <br></div><div><br></div><div>Required:</div><ol><li>Create a GitHub repo for your project.&nbsp; Use GitHub Pages to create an 
index page for your project's portfolio.&nbsp; This will eventually have 
several links, including pitch, brainstorm, Scrum, prototype, etc.&nbsp; 
Format it similar to <a href="https://qph.fs.quoracdn.net/main-qimg-3d63f64f5375c7986d263e15099bcdba" target="_blank">this,</a> but be creative!</li><li>Conduct a brainstorming session with your teammates.&nbsp; Use Trello to manage the session.&nbsp; Collect evidence 
that the session took place in the form of a video or screen grabs of your completed Trello board.&nbsp; Detail the who, 
where, when, how long, etc. of the session.&nbsp; The product of the session 
should be a coherent game concept (board or digital) that will form the basis of
 your game pitch.&nbsp; <br></li><li>Prepare a five minute presentation to describe your game concept.&nbsp; Use Google Slides or PowerPoint to create your slide deck.&nbsp; Some background on pitching <a href="https://wit-my.sharepoint.com/:p:/g/personal/blyng_wit_ie/ERgYuCzV4olAl_TQSYLmgNEBWjyucPKJMJh0lqtnEQIweA?e=tFJJqx" target="_blank">here</a> and <a href="https://wit-my.sharepoint.com/:p:/g/personal/blyng_wit_ie/EYm6ES36_O9HrjSILvUcfikBKAdTP8aIsFzL1NaTAfwa8w?e=d1azlZ" target="_blank">here</a>.&nbsp; Your pitch should be recorded and posted to YouTube.<br></li><li>Using your knowledge of Scrum, prepare a project management plan for your game.&nbsp; Plan and detail the first Sprint.&nbsp; Provide a burndown chart for the Sprint.&nbsp; For forecasting purposes, assume that the final deliverable falls due in the second week of January.&nbsp; Use Trello to create a Scrum board.<br></li></ol>Upload <strong>one</strong> Word document containing all of the above here.&nbsp; Include links to two Trello boards (brainstorm and Scrum board), your project GitHub page, your pitch video and your slides.&nbsp; If you have used PowerPoint upload your slides here (in .pptx format).<br></div>

<h2>CA 2: Narrative, Level Design and Twine Prototype - 7 Decembrer 2021</h2><div class="no-overflow"><div>You are required to continue working with your project team on your Pandora project from stage 1.  The components detailed here should all be uploaded to your Github project page.  The deliverables in this stage are:<br></div><div><br></div><div>Required:</div><ol><li>Narrative synopsis.  Write the story of your game using a narrative synopsis.  Your game’s story should use a narratological structure such as those proposed by Aristotle, Freytag or Campbe.</li><li>Character profile.  Write a character brief for your game’s primary characters (protagonist, antagonist, tritagonist if relevant).  Detail their motivations, personality, appearance, goals, wants and needs, etc.<br></li><li>Level design.  Draw one level map for each level in your game. Use a Beat Chart to differentiate between your levels.  <br></li><li>A Unity Ink-based prototype of your game.  State which levels (detailed in step 3) are included in the prototype.<br></li></ol>
 
<h2>CA 3: GDD, Playtest, Final Game and Github Portfolio - 18 Decembrer 2021</h2><div class="no-overflow"><div>You are required to continue working with your team on the Pandora project from stage 2.  The four components detailed here should all be uploaded to your Github project page.  The deliverables in this stage are: <br></div><div><br></div><div>Required:</div><ol><li>Playtest Session.  Detail the who, where, when and what of your playtest session.  Refer to Fullerton reading for how to conduct a session, questions to ask (for your script).  Use a table to record feedback and your responses to playtester feedback.</li><li>Final game.  Provide a link to you final game.  Ensure that the GDD accurately reflects the delivered game.<br></li><li>GitHub Porfolio.  Provide a link to your completed portfolio.  Ensure that the individual components from CA1, CA2 and CA3 are all present and that you have a polished portfolio page (no need to write any html, use one the of the GitHub templates to make life easy!).<br></li><li>GDD.  Use Rogers 10 Pager GDD template to structure your design.  Be careful of voice and tone – this is a formal document and should not be written in the first or second person.  Avoid ambiguities and be specific in your writing.  Your document should be prepared in Microsoft Word (or similar).  Use a font for your headings and cover page that is consistent with your game theme.  Upload one document per team.  The GDD should be structured as follows:<br></li></ol>

<div role="main"><span id="maincontent"></span><h2>Links: A Fools Journey</h2><div id="intro" class="box py-3 generalbox boxaligncenter">
  
Website: https://jamesjgrant.github.io/GameDesignStep1/
  
Video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BUDruvXnG7M
 
Game: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BUDruvXnG7M
